= TicketMule

No frills, general use support ticket tracking.  Easily document and communicate client relations within a support team.

== Features

* Clean interface that is compatible with modern web browsers
* Add comments and file attachments to tickets
* Subscribe to ticket updates via email (alerts)
* Automatically sends an email to the user assigned as owner of a ticket
* View recent ticket activity and timeline statistics from the dashboard
* Export ticket in PDF format
* No complicated permission system...only admins can perform negative actions
* In-line admin controls to delete comments, attachments, and tickets
* Gravatar integration
* Ruby on Rails 2.3.8

== Included Gems

* <em>will_paginate 2.3.14</em>
* <em>authlogic 2.1.5</em>
* <em>searchlogic 2.4.19</em>
* <em>paperclip 2.3.1.1</em>
* <em>prawn 0.6.3</em>
* <em>populator 0.2.5</em>
* <em>faker 0.3.1</em>

<em>populator</em> and <em>faker</em> are only used to load fake data into TicketMule.

== Install

Basic installation creates a fresh database with a single admin user.  See +db+/+seeds+.+rb+ for admin user information.

You can choose to test drive TicketMule with fake data as described below.

Create a database.yml file and modify as needed:

  $ cp config/database.mysql.yml config/database.yml

Configure TicketMule settings in the <em>production</em> block of +config+/+config+.+yml+.  See comments for details.

Modify +config+/+environment+.+rb+ settings such as default timezone, rails gem version, relative url root (if applicable), etc.

Modify +db+/+seeds+.+rb+ to create the seed data for your installation of TicketMule.  This is where you create your organization's groups, statuses, and priorities.

Choose between basic installation or installation with test data:

<b>Basic installation</b> create database and schema, and initialize with seed data:

  $ rake db:setup

<b>Test drive</b> create database and schema, initialize with seed data, and load 150 contacts, 500 tickets, and 4 non-admin users (see +lib+/+tasks+/+faker+.+rake+ for details):

  $ rake faker

== Notes

By default, users can create their own accounts by navigating to /users/new.  If this is not desired and you only want admins to create user accounts, a small change to +config+/+routes+.+rb+ is required.  The users resource will need the exception added for the <em>new</em> action.  See the comments for the users resource map for details.

When you add an alert to a ticket, you will only receive an email alert when the ticket's attributes change.  You will not receive an email alert when a comment or attachment is added.

== License

Copyright (c) 2009 by J. Lee Smith. All rights reserved.

TicketMule is released under the MIT License.  See the LICENSE file for details.

== Credits

Fugue icons copyright (c) 2010 by {Yusuke Kamiyamane}[http://p.yusukekamiyamane.com/]
